well howdy there internet people its Bo
again so today we're going to talk about
numbers models and confirmation bias
confirmation bias is what happens when
you're certain of something so you seek
out evidence that supports your theory
and you ignore well everything else
anything that could suggest that you're
wrong
it happens a lot and you will see it
with people who research quote certain
theories they look for things that
support that theory
and then don't look at anything that
might cast doubt on it that is
confirmation bias a large portion of the
conservative movement in the United
States is currently suffering from this
those models those numbers that we've
all been worried about they're being
dropped they're getting lower and lower
they're being revised constantly by
people who know what they're doing what
they're looking at because these numbers
are getting lower this is proof positive
for many in the conservative movement
within the United States that this was
all overblown that it was media hysteria
that it was overhyped that it wasn't
really that big of a deal that instead
we all should have just gone about our
business and sacrificed ourselves on the
altar of Wall Street got to save the
economy it's just gonna be some old
people some compromised people maybe a
few healthy people but you know if
you're gonna make an omelet gotta break
some eggs right and as they point to
these numbers they refuse to take into
account the fact that you know large
portions of the country have been on
lockdown for a month on Instagram
posting selfies like mug shots
this will be spun in an attempt to prove
that Dear Leader was right Dear Leader
was wrong he's pretty much always wrong
those models reflect the tenacity and
the drive of those governors who took up
the mantle of acting president when the
Oval Office became a vacant seat because
we don't have leadership we have
somebody well going by intuition with a
panel of experts surrounding him
contradicting him had this been done
sooner those numbers would be even lower
this is something that could have been
avoided it could have been mitigated had
the president Dear Leader listen to
those experts around him not gutted the
CDC not getting rid of the National
Security Council pandemic response team
not canned were forced out people who
were monitoring the very area this
probably started the one action the
president took that he likes to
constantly take credit for shutting down
air travel from China
yeah well as it turns out it does appear
that most cases in New York well they
came from Europe half-measures are half
effective
and as we watch those numbers decline
and we all take a deep sigh of relief we
need to remember that they're going to
be those who try to spend that
politically and who try to take credit
for the very policies they opposed as
they advocated for their constituents
whom they showed no regard for to go out
and just go on about their day now they
want to claim credit for the actions of
those who said stay home and the outcome
that can only be attributed to that and
understand it's not over we are still in
for a very bumpy ride and even once
those numbers drop and get real low
we're still going to have to keep this
up until we develop a treatment we're
going to have things are going to change
in a big way that's why it's more
important than ever to push back against
a false narrative like this because if
people start to believe that it was
overhyped
that it was media hysteria and they get
back out there as soon as it starts to
clear up it's gonna flare right back up
and we're gonna be right back where we
started and we're gonna have to go
through all of this again we have to
remain vigilant and if we don't those
models they're just going to get longer
and the longer they go on the higher
those numbers are going to be anyway
it's just a thought you all have a good
night